README for CC Mode 5.28
Current maintainer : Martin Stjernholm
Contact address    : bug-cc-mode@gnu.org

INTRODUCTION

    The canonical web location for all knowledge CC Mode is:

	<http://cc-mode.sourceforge.net/>

    Please read the cc-mode.texi manual for details on using CC Mode.
    This is available on-line from:

        <http://cc-mode.sourceforge.net/cc-mode.html>

    As of this writing (February 25, 2001), CC Mode currently works
    out of the box with XEmacs versions 19.15, 19.16, 20.3, 20.4,
    21.0, 21.1, and 21.2, and with Emacs versions 19.34, 20.x, and
    21.0.  (It very likely works with later versions too, when they
    become available.)

MORE INFORMATION

    Check out the CC Mode web site for the latest information,
    updates, tips, installation and compatibility notes, etc. on using
    CC Mode.  The installation instructions given below are an excerpt
    of the on-line instructions.  If you have problems installing CC
    Mode, please check out the URL above before submitting a bug
    report.  Thanks!

    The MANIFEST file contains a description of all the files you
    should have gotten with this distribution.

MANUALS

    Preformatted versions of the manual in DVI, PostScript, and Info,
    are all available at the CC Mode web page.

    To build the manual yourself, you will need the latest Texinfo
    release (as of this writing, Texinfo 4.0).  To build the Info
    manual, simply type:

        % makeinfo cc-mode.texi

    To make the DVI version, simply type:

        % texi2dvi cc-mode.texi

    Note that I've heard of other package releases that purport to
    include a texinfo.tex file newer than 2.185, but these don't
    support the @macro{} command.  If you have problems building the
    manuals, pick up a pre-built version.

INSTALLATION

    Here is a quick guide for installing CC Mode.  For the latest
    information on installing CC Mode, please see the CC Mode web site
    given above.

  Byte Compiling

    It is highly recommended that you byte-compile CC Mode, for both
    performance and compatibility reasons.  Running CC Mode
    un-bytecompiled is not supported and may not work at all depending
    on the flavor of (X)Emacs you are using.

    You can compile CC Mode in the same way as any other package.  To
    compile it from a running (X)Emacs session:

        M-0 M-x byte-recompile-directory RET /path/to/cc-mode RET

    To compile CC Mode from the shell:

        % cd /path/to/cc-mode
        % $(EMACS) -batch -q -f batch-byte-compile cc-*.el

    where $(EMACS) is either emacs or xemacs depending on the flavor
    you use.

    If you compile with XEmacs 19, you'll get a lot of warnings.  They
    can safely be ignored.

  Installing

    Put the compiled files somewhere (X)Emacs will find them, i.e. in
    some path that's in the load-path variable.  You must make sure
    they are found before any CC Mode files which are distributed with
    (X)Emacs.  A directory have higher precendence than all
    directories after it in the load-path list.

    To test that you have things set up correctly, visit a C file and
    then type:

        M-x c-version RET
        => Using CC Mode version 5.XX

    where XX is the correct minor revision number.

  Compatibility Issues

    CC Mode should work fine with most versions of Emacs and XEmacs
    which aren't ancient (see the introduction above).

    However, in Emacs 19.34 the Custom library doesn't work with CC
    Mode, so the customizable variables support won't be compiled in
    there.  You need to get a later Custom library and make sure it's
    loaded when CC Mode is compiled to enable it.

    For more details about interactions with different packages, see
    the CC Mode web page.
